# Wed, Oct 3: Alumni Townhall

## Agenda
1. Recap from [Oct 1 meeting](https://github.com/lizrush/the-ada-network/townhalls/10-01-2018.md)
1. Overflow items from Oct 1 meeting:
    - Flesh out details for organization's structure of cohort reps + committees. How is this union run (e.g. what's our voting process, how do we keep our board representational of our alums, reps' terms, committee whips, etc.)?
    - Action Item: Report decision back to #alum-org.
    - Discuss avenues for concerns with Ada leadership. (continued discussion)

**TLDR (just the important stuff):**
> 1. Next townhall meeting is **Nov 5** (announcements/proposals deadline is **Oct 29** )
> 1. Committees are formed with a written and designated liason (formerly known as "whips")
> 1. Look for communication in #alum-org (Slack) and from Google Groups
> 1. Check out [Action Items](#action_items) below.

----
## Notes

We started out with a recap of the last meeting on a few days ago; review [notes from Oct 1 meeting](https://github.com/lizrush/the-ada-network/townhalls/10-01-2018.md)

**What do we about privacy and shared meeting notes?**
- [Action Item] Remove all identifying info including name of attendees (execpt for action items?).
- [Action Item] Get a Google Drive account for the group to share documents for free.

**Do we want to explore getting nonprofit status for the alumni group (not Ada itself)?**
- may help us get access to free resources
- 501c3 is probably not possible but may qualify in a different category (502, 503) but further research needed in the how and why
  - may help us qualify for more discounts on resources (?)


**Requirements for cohort reps:**
1. Commitment to attend townhalls
1. Report out on behalf of cohort
1. Do we need to pull these people from the volunteers who've opted in?

**Requirements for <s>whips</s> liasons:**
- Designated for each committee to communicate with the committee with what they are working on

**Requirements for committees:**
- Committees must have a written proposal to exist and identify a liason.
- Each committee will have it's own Slack channel in the Alumni channel
- Are committees short-lived by task or by term?

**How are decisions made?**
- Full consensus is probably going to be a blocker so maybe 2/3 votes?
- Should we consider scaled voting (where participants can 1-5 based on how strongly they feel)
- Maybe we can use Slack polling to vote--except older items disappear
- Let's not overnegineer this problem quite yet.
- should call for votable items before the next town hall so that we can use the meeting for voting
- Should we update the code of conduct?

**Other item discussed (in no particular order)**
1. Governance Committee (or Steering Committee?) can be charged to help organize the subcommittees and drive some of the action items around voting and structure.
1. Brainstorming about ways we can show support for Ada staff.
1. Naming: What do we call ourselves as a group? "Alumni Union" was popular. Do we need to vote on Nov 5?

Note: Ada Leadership questions/discussion have been edited out of these minutes.

----

## <a name="action_items">Action Items</a>
* [ ] Commnicate how committees are formed in #alum-org based on discussion (Christiane)
* [ ] Communicate deadline for proposals/announcements for Nov 5 meeting
* [ ] Logistics for Nov 5 meeting (Amira)
* [ ] Set up Google Drive for Groups (Amira)
* [ ] Publish minutes to Github (Tamiko)
* [ ] Share conference recording (Amira)

### Committee-specific Action Items
1. Governance/Steering Committee: formalize structure around voting and participation (Tamiko)
1. Ada Leadership Committee (Tehut)
1. Support Committee: find ways to support instructors, Kari's last day? (needs liason?)

## Next Meeting Agenda Items
> 1. Announcements: newsletter, committees
> 1. Recap of last meeting
> 1. Board Structure: proposal and vote
> 1. Committee sign-off
> 1. Support of Staff
> 1. Committee proposals and voting
> 1. Leadership

Meeting Stats:
- 7 people in-person + 10 on Zoom video call
- 2.5 hours at the Ballard Library

