# Monday, Oct 1

## Agenda
1. Questions for Ada 
2. (Simple) Requests for Ada
3. Crowd-sourced Discussion Topics
4. Effort Proposals (i.e. Committees) for Alum Board

## Minutes

### Notes
* Decided to move agenda items #1 , #2, and #4 offline.
  * Check #prototype-ada-comms for #1 & #2
  * Check #alum-org for #4

### Crowd-sourced Discussion Topics
* Submitted topics to sli.do (8 min)
* Upvote topics in sli.do (2 min)
* Chose top 3 voted topics for discussing:

**How often do we want to meet and can we plan the next meeting before leaving today?**  
* Monthly cadence
* Next town hall: Nov 5 (before Ada's upcoming town hall on Fri, Nov 16) 

**What do we want out of this alum board? What does its leadership look like? What structure should it form? How do we clearly communicate who it represents (given only a portion of all the alums are involved)?**  
TL&DR;  
* Alum organization is made of 2 components: cohort representatives & committees
* Cohort reps are 1-2 people chosen by their cohort with a limited term (~6 months?)
* Cohort reps' responsibilities are to:
  * attend the monthly town halls
  * gather votes from their cohort (when necessary)
  * report cohort concerns to alum board
  * report board discussions back to cohort (when warranted)
* Committees are organically created by alums
* Each committee should have a designated "whip" that nudges decision making and reports efforts back to the board
  * Whip doesn't have to be a member of the committee

We started this discussion by breaking out into small groups. Below are some quick notes from what each group presented to the attendees:

Group 1:
* Steering committee - coordinate the sub committees
  * Laptop fund 
* Organization of “union”
  * Cohort reps would participate on behalf of others
  * Certain # of required attendees to meetings
* What’s the role of the current students?
  * Giving opportunity to soft-spoken peeps
  * C10 are primary stakeholders and aren’t in this convo
  * Newer/classroom cohorts want to participate 

Group 2:
* How to make decisions?
  * What criteria makes a decision final?
  * Org vs. Board vs. Union
  * What is their role? Making decisions? Being representatives?
  * Reps for each cohort
  * Reps for each committees 

Group 3:
* We need to meet each other and socialize
* Alum org is outside of Ada; works with them but is independent
* Alum org is not just to hold Ada accountable
* Liaisons / task force for coordinating with Ada 
* Org
  * Cohort reps attend board meetings
  * Committee reps attend board meetings

Group 4:

**How do we address the discussion of Nicole’s behavior? Is this the responsibility of the alum board and what we can do about it?**  
Testimony was shared, but discussion was tabled for the overflow meeting on Wed, Oct 3.

## Action Items
* [x] Send out a doc to gather a list of participanting alums
* [ ] Plan the next town hall in #prototype-meet-place
  *  Nov 5 (tentative)  
  * [ ] What time?  
  * [ ] Where? 
    * Miriam is looking into Zillow conf room   
* [x] Publish minutes to Github
* [x] Share conference recording - thanks Tehut!
    * https://vimeo.com/292865961; password: adaUnion  
* [ ] Communicate this to Val  
* [x] Send out doc to gather list of clarifying questions for Ada
* [x] Start committees offline (in Slack)


## Next Meeting Agenda Items

### Overflow
* Flesh out details for organization's structure of cohort reps + committees. How is this union run (e.g. what's our voting process, how do we keep our board representational of our alums, reps' terms, committee whips, etc.)?
  * Action Item: Report decision back to #alum-org.
* Discuss avenues for concerns with Ada leadership.

### New Items
*Gathered from Oct 1 sli.do (http://bit.ly/2Qr3iLc)*
* Who are we? (e.g. address concern of Ada-driven alum org, what's our mission)
* What is our union's & reps' relationship/responsibility to stakeholders? (e.g. students, Ada staff)
* Alum Efforts – Create committees & define their purpose (starting this effort offline in an #alum-org thread)

## Attendees
*Unfortunately, this list may be incomplete.*
* Amira Hailemariam, C3
* Miriam Cortes, C6
* Jeri Sommers, C3
* Alison Zerbe, C7
* Kayla Ecker, C8
* Joanna M. Rives, C7
* Rebecca Tolmach, C4
* Bri Dotson, C2
* Elle Vargas, C6
* Danielle Schrimmer, C6
* Tehut Getahun, C7
* Isaac Del Rosario, C8
* Maya Wang, C7
* Brenna Darroch, C7
* Esther Ng, C6
